rails g resource "..." -- creates the migration file in db, model in app, controller in app

questions i asked jeremy about the wallet app and he answered in a lecture:
I’m going to list some things that i have questions about regarding your code for the wallet based on github and then you can respond here so i can revisit your response and annotate them into my code as pseudo code, please?


DONE- elaborate on the private method in the users controller
private method..strong parameters. any parameter submitted from a form, parameter needs to be listed in the .permit list.

DONE- what does the application helper do again? I asked a related question earlier today in our class channel regarding why we include this helper in the application controller
helper is a module that we can use to define any helpers that we want to be available to our views
ex:
def greeting_for(users)
  "hello #{user.fname}!"
end

we would call greeting_for method elsewhere again

view helpers: returning something as a string which is inside a div, declare it as safe to interpreted by html by calling ".html_safe" on it

include application helper into application controller:
so we can call all the methods, they're available to use

extend application helper: makes all the methods in the module call methods for the thing that is extending it (we don't really use it)

DONE- what does the
```render … ‘’ ```
do again? ex: you wrote this in your application.html.erb in line 11

renders a template: take some html.erb file, evaluate the ruby with the tags, produce a string of html
  rendering a partial does the same thing

DONE- special form_tag structure with route ‘/sessions’ do in new.html.erb
login form. tag. url the form should post to
tag instead of for because we're not working with a model object

DONE- flash notice file is a partial right? why are we using partials? Basically this file is storing the flash messages so that when either the notice/alert is called, each respective message is show to the view?
correct assumption
using partial to clean up the code

DONE- why is set_card_type method in the card model showing self.card_type instead of self.type? reference: app/models/card.rb, https://github.com/jraines/rails-wallet/commit/edb765238625fb7ba4834e3c2f9dc0bd5bbd2734
we can't use the column name "type" because it is reserved for rails (without any configuration)
we write self because we're telling it that it already exists..which is the field in the model (column)

DONE- why do we change the destroy method in the sessions controller where we include the same line as above "session[:user_id]  = nil” ? 
better solution is to write session.clear

DONE- why we do we add “session[:user_id] = @user.id” to users controller?
this logs the new user in automatically after they have signed up

DONE- what does line 12 after “sessions_path….” of application.html.erb do?
link_to Logout, want this link to go to the session path, delete request.
he changed it to a shorthand way: must look at commits to see new solution
